Add back in reference docs for Distribution. (#38)
urbit/developers.urbit.org: content/reference/additional/dist/dist.md

If not all live desks have an enqueued commit at the new kernel Kelvin, then Kiln notifies its clients that a kernel update is blocked on a set of desks. Docket, listening to Kiln, presents the user with a choice: either dismiss the notification and keep the old kernel, or suspend the blocking desks and apply the kernel update.

Suspending a desk turns off all its agents, saving their states in Gall. If there are no agents running from a desk, that desk doesn't force the kernel to be at the same Kelvin version. It's just inert data. If a later upstream update allows this desk to be run with a newer kernel, the user can revive the desk, and the system will migrate the old state into the new agent.

### Managing Apps and Desks in Kiln

Turning agents on and off is managed declaratively, rather than imperatively. Kiln maintains state for each desk about which agents should be forced on and which should be forced off. The set of running agents is now a function of the desk's `/desk/bill` manifest file and that user configuration state in Kiln. This means starting or stopping an agent is idempotent, both in Kiln and Gall.

> For details of the generators for managing desks and agents in Kiln, see the [`Dojo Tools`](/reference/additional/dist/tools) document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details of the generators for managing desks and agents in Kiln, see the [`Dojo Tools`](https://urbit.org/using/os/dojo-tools#desks-apps-and-updates) document.
```

If the glob is to be served over Ames, there is an HTTP-based glob uploader that allows you to use a web form to upload a folder into your ship, which will convert the folder to a glob and link to it in your app desk's docket manifest file.

Note that serving a glob over Ames might increase the install time for your app, since Ames is currently pretty slow compared to HTTP — but being able to serve a glob from your ship allows you to serve your whole app, both server-side and client-side, without setting up a CDN or any other external web tooling. Your ship can do it all on its own.

For further details of globs, see the [Glob](/reference/additional/dist/glob) document.

## Sections

- [Glob](/reference/additional/dist/glob) - Documentation of `glob`s (client bundles).

- [Docket Files](/reference/additional/dist/docket) - Documentation of docket files.

- [Guide](/reference/additional/dist/guide) - A walkthrough of creating, installing and publishing a new desk with a tile and front-end.

> - [Dojo Tools](/reference/additional/dist/tools) - Documentation of useful generators for managing and distributing desks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
